alright so far still undefeated by
picking Saget and pretty much just
because I picnic saying it we gotta can
now you're actually we're some good
Ken's at the tournament yesterday dr.
chaos and Dom guys actually pretty
decent with him so let's see if this guy
knows what he's doing might know his
stuff hey are just after the steeple
oh what the hell I didn't want that god
damn it oh it's uppercut beats mine yeah
I don't know those things yet we both
did a jacket punching his beat mine huh
hold through TX while yeah is that all
this guy does is fucking sandy medium
kick there we go oh nice fucking focus
cancel their Wow stopping everything I
do is worst fucking dicks here we go
little fireball on your face he knows
what to do though you always have to
jump on tagged knows what'll happen that
right there
nice oh my god yeah I almost got it he
almost got oh I missed it fuck and I
personal random button and kill him
hahaha what's it again Oh didn't come
out and I went again because I fucking
pics agate
he wasn't bad he knew that that medium
kick season ranked higher than me you
knew that medium kick was really good it
is actually 10 medium kick is very good
standing medium and combos into the low
medium kick